Overview
The Kansas qualified disabled veteran sales tax exemption creates a sales tax exemption beginning July 1, 2026, for purchases of tangible personal property and services by a qualified disabled veteran who has been honorably discharged and has a 100% disability or is deemed totally disabled or unemployable and the disability is permanent.
Must be a Kansas resident to receive this exemption and can only be used on purchases in the state of Kansas.
Exempt purchases are limited to and shall not exceed $24,000 per calendar year.
This sales tax exemption shall apply only to purchases that are used or will be used for the personal use of the eligible person or their spouse.
Qualified individuals will be issued a sales tax exemption card listing their name, sales tax exemption number, issue date, expiration date, spouse name (if applicable), and household member name (if applicable). This shows who is authorized to make purchases on their behalf.
An authorized household member includes one additional person only if residing with the qualified disabled veteran.
The surviving spouse of a qualified disabled veteran who was eligible for a sales tax exemption at the time of the qualified disabled veteran's death is eligible to receive the sales tax exemption until remarrying.
Applying disabled veterans must submit appropriate documentation to validate their qualifications, including the following:
Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form 214, Member 4 copy) – Must indicate a qualifying characterization of service.
VA Award Letter or VA Benefit Summary Letter – This document must demonstrate either A) Your combined service-connected evaluation is 100%, and/or B) You are considered to be totally and permanently disabled due solely to your service-connected disabilities (TDIU).
In the absence of one or more of the documents listed above, it may be possible to substitute with one or more of the following:
VA Rating Decision Letter – This may be used to demonstrate a 100% rating or unemployability (TDIU)
VA Claim Letter may be used to demonstrate qualifying disability status
Documentation demonstrating eligibility to Dependents’ Educational Assistance based on permanent and total disability status (i.e. Chapter 35 benefits) may also be accepted as evidence of qualifying disability status
The following purchases are NOT exempt from sales tax:


https://www.kdor.ks.gov/Apps/Misc/VetTaxExempt/ApplicationPage1